Lily and Ben were best friends. They liked to play with toys and draw pictures. One day, they found a cute kitten in the park. It was small and fluffy and had blue eyes.
"Can we keep it?" Lily asked.
"I don't know. Maybe we should ask Mom and Dad first," Ben said.
They decided to take the kitten home and show their parents. They hoped they would say yes. They put the kitten in a box and carried it carefully.
On the way, they met Tom, a boy from their street. Tom was mean and liked to tease them.
"Hey, what's in the box?" Tom asked.
"It's a secret. Go away," Lily said.
Tom tried to grab the box from them. He wanted to see what was inside. Lily and Ben held on tight. They did not want to share their kitten with Tom.
"Let go, or I'll tell on you," Tom said.
"Tell what? You don't know the truth," Ben said.
But Tom did know the truth. He had seen the kitten before. It was his neighbor's kitten. It had run away from home. Tom knew his neighbor was looking for it. He had a plan.
"OK, OK, I'll let go. But only if you show me what's in the box," Tom said.
Lily and Ben thought Tom was being nice. They did not know he was lying. They opened the box and showed him the kitten.
"Aw, how cute," Tom said. He reached for the kitten and took it out of the box. He ran away with it.
"Hey, give it back!" Lily and Ben shouted. They chased after Tom.
Tom ran to his neighbor's house and knocked on the door. He gave the kitten to his neighbor and said, "I found your kitten. It was lost in the park. Can I have a reward?"
His neighbor was happy to see his kitten. He thanked Tom and gave him a dollar. Tom smiled and put the dollar in his pocket.
Lily and Ben arrived at the neighbor's house. They saw Tom with the dollar and the kitten with his neighbor. They realized what had happened. They felt sad and angry.
"Tom, you're a liar and a thief. You stole our kitten. You didn't share. You didn't tell the truth," Lily said.
"Yeah, you're a bad boy. You're not our friend," Ben said.
The neighbor heard them and asked what was going on. Lily and Ben told him the whole story. The neighbor was shocked and angry. He took the dollar from Tom and gave it to Lily and Ben. He said, "I'm sorry, kids. You were very kind to take care of my kitten. You deserve this reward. Tom, you should be ashamed of yourself. You need to learn to share and tell the truth."
Lily and Ben thanked the neighbor and said goodbye to the kitten. They walked home with the dollar. They decided to buy some ice cream and share it. They were still best friends. They knew how to share and tell the truth.