One day, a little boy named Tom and a little girl named Mia were playing in the park. They had a big box that they pretended was a spaceship. They took turns being the captain and the co-pilot, and they made noises like zoom and beep and blast.
"Captain Tom, we are approaching a new planet. What should we do?" Mia asked.
"Let's land and explore, co-pilot Mia. Maybe we can find some aliens or treasure," Tom said.
They got out of the box and walked around the park, looking for anything interesting. They saw some flowers, some rocks, some birds, and some dogs. They pretended they were all strange creatures from another world.
"Look, co-pilot Mia, a furry beast with four legs and a tail. It must be a guard dog for the aliens. Be careful, it might bite," Tom said.
They approached the dog slowly, holding out their hands. The dog wagged its tail and licked their faces. It was very friendly and wanted to play.
"Hi, doggy. You are not scary at all. You are cute and soft. Do you want to be our friend?" Mia said.
The dog barked and jumped around them, happy to have some company. Tom and Mia laughed and petted the dog. They forgot about their spaceship and their mission.
Suddenly, they heard a loud voice.
"Hey, you two, get away from my dog. He's not yours. He's mine," the voice said.
They looked up and saw a big boy standing over them. He had a mean face and a baseball cap. He was holding a leash.
"Who are you? What are you doing here?" Tom asked.
"I'm Jake, and this is my park. And this is my dog, Rex. You can't play with him. He's not a toy. He's a real dog. And you are just silly kids with a stupid box. You better leave before I make you," Jake said.
Tom and Mia felt scared and angry. They didn't like Jake. He was rude and mean. They wanted to stay and play with Rex. They liked Rex. He was nice and fun.
"No, we won't leave. We are playing here. We have a spaceship. We are explorers. And Rex likes us. He wants to play with us. You can't tell us what to do," Tom said.
"Yes, I can. This is my park. And my dog. And you are trespassing. If you don't go, I'll make you go. I'll chase you and hit you and take your box. You are no match for me. I'm bigger and stronger and smarter than you. You better surrender or else," Jake said.
Tom and Mia felt more scared and angry. They didn't want to surrender. They didn't want to give up their box or their friend. They wanted to stand up to Jake. But they also knew he was bigger and stronger and smarter than them. They didn't know what to do.
They looked at each other, hoping for an idea. They looked at Rex, hoping for help. They looked at Jake, hoping for mercy. But they saw none.
They felt trapped and helpless. They felt embarrassed and sad. They felt like crying and running away.
They felt like they had no choice.
They surrendered.